Number keys & Minus key - adjust the "delta" value.  The delta value is used by many of the other keystrokes to indicate an offset.
  For instance, if the delta is 10 and the right arrow is pressed, the yaw is increased by 10 degrees.  If the number keys
  2 and 0 are pressed, then the delta is changed to 20 and then if the right arrow is pressed, the yaw is increased
  by 20 degrees.  Some of the keystrokes use a "temporary delta".  Assume the delta is 10 and then 3 and 0 are
  pressed, then the "y" key is pressed to indicate yaw, then yaw will be set to 30 degrees and the original delta
  (10 in this example) is restored so any right arrow key presses would increase the yaw by 10 degrees.
Right arrow - increase the yaw by "delta" degrees.
Left arrow - decrease the yaw by "delta" degrees.
Up arrow - increase the pitch by "delta" degrees.
Down arrow - decrease the pitch by "delta" degrees.
PgUp or End - adjust the roll in the counter clockwise direction by "delta" degrees.
PgDn or Home - adjust the roll in the clockwise direction by "delta" degrees.
a - use the "temporary delta" value and set the algorithm to that value.
y - use the "temporary delta" value and set the yaw to that value.
p - use the "temporary delta" value and set the pitch to that value.
r - use the "temporary delta" value and set the roll to that value.
d - toggle debug mode on/off.  When in debug mode is on an additional window is displayed that has the original equirectangular image with
  a box showing where the flattened view is being extracted
f - change frame to show image1 or image2.  This can be used to simulate new inbound frames in a video while the field of view
  does not change to see how effective the algorithm is at extracting the flattened image when the frames are changing.
Esc or q - quit from the current algorithm / variant and move on to the next one or end the program if all have been run.
* - decrease the field of view by "delta" degrees (i.e., zoom in).
/ - increase the field of view by "delta" degrees (i.e., zoom out).
